Do not be anxious about tomorrow, for tomorrow will be anxious for itself. Let the day's own trouble be sufficient for the day.
I am the Way, the Truth, and the Life. No one comes to the Father except through me.
Do not let your hearts be troubled. Trust in God; trust also in me.
For what shall it profit a man, if he gain the whole world, and suffer the loss of his soul?
For God loved the world so much that he gave his one and only Son, so that everyone who believes in him will not perish but have eternal life.
Blessed are the merciful, for they will be shown mercy.
If you want to be perfect, go, sell your possessions and give to the poor, and you will have treasure in heaven.
I tell you the truth, it is hard for a rich man to enter the kingdom of heaven. Again I tell you, it is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle than for a rich man to enter the kingdom of heaven.
Blessed are the meek, for they will inherit the earth.
Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceeds from the mouth of God.
All my authority in heaven and on earth has been given to me.
As the Father has loved me, so have I loved you.
A new command I give you: Love one another. As I have loved you, so you must love one another.
God sent his Son into the world not to judge the world, but to save the world through him.
Love your enemies! Pray for those who persecute you! In that way, you will be acting as true children of your Father in heaven.
For he gives his sunlight to both the evil and the good, and he sends rain on the just and the unjust alike.
And so I tell you, keep on asking, and you will receive what you ask for. Keep on seeking, and you will find. Keep on knocking, and the door will be opened to you.
For everyone who asks, receives. Everyone who seeks, finds. And to everyone who knocks, the door will be opened.
With man this is impossible, but with God all things are possible.
Blessed are those who are persecuted because of righteousness, for theirs is the kingdom of heaven.
Let your light so shine before men, that they may see your good works, and glorify your Father which is in heaven.
For whoever does the will of my Father in heaven is my brother and sister and mother.
Peace I leave with you; my peace I give you.
I do not give to you as the world gives.
Do not let your hearts be troubled and do not be afraid.
I am the vine; you are the branches.
If you remain in me and I in you, you will bear much fruit; apart from me you can do nothing.
Greater love has no one than this: to lay down one’s life for one’s friends.
You are my friends if you do what I command.
I no longer call you servants, because a servant does not know his master’s business.
Instead, I have called you friends, for everything that I learned from my Father I have made known to you.
You did not choose me, but I chose you and appointed you so that you might go and bear fruit—fruit that will last.
If the world hates you, keep in mind that it hated me first.
Everything that the Father has is mine.
In this world you will have trouble. But take heart! I have overcome the world.
Father, forgive them, for they do not know what they are doing.
Truly I tell you, today you will be with me in paradise.
It is finished. Go and make disciples of all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit.
Surely I am with you always, to the very end of the age. For where two or three gather in my name, there am I with them.
Give to Caesar what is Caesar’s, and to God what is God’s.
The harvest is plentiful, but the workers are few. Ask the Lord of the harvest, therefore, to send out workers into his harvest field.